feat: Make SubscriptionItem's plan and planId optional and nullable (#6839)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/silly-rooms-sleep.md

---
'@clerk/backend': minor
---

> Allow subscription item plan and planId to be null or undefined

Reviewer: We use `[Billing Beta]` to track breaking changes while in Beta.
```suggestion
[Billing Beta] Update subscription item's `plan` and `planId` properties to be `null` or `undefined`.
```
